Update sme-recruitment-email.md (#360)
usds/SME-QA-Website: toolkit/getting-started/sme-recruitment-email.md

description: Template - Email to recruit SMEs
---

Good [Morning or Afternoon],

> We are currently recruiting subject matter experts (SMEs) to partner with HR to improve hiring outcomes for a GS-_[grade level(s)]_ _[series]_ position. In this process, SMEs work with HR to develop a list of common competencies and proficiency levels required for this position. SMEs will then conduct some combination of resume reviews, written excercise scoring, and structured interviews that will allow us to filter the applicant pool to those that are absolutely qualified. Hiring managers can then confidently make multiple selections from a competitive hiring list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are currently recruiting subject matter experts (SMEs) to partner with HR to improve hiring outcomes for a GS-_[grade level(s)]_ _[series]_ position. In this process, SMEs work with HR to develop a list of common competencies and proficiency levels required for this position. SMEs will then conduct some combination of resume reviews, written exercises, and structured interviews that will allow us to filter the applicant pool to those that are qualified. Hiring managers can then confidently make multiple selections from a competitive hiring list.
```
